README.md, before:

# Open Source Drone Aerial Imagery Processing
node-OpenDroneMap is a Node.js App and REST API to access [OpenDroneMap](https://github.com/OpenDroneMap/OpenDroneMap)

![Alt text](/screenshots/main.png?raw=true "Node-OpenDroneMap")

## Getting Started

The quickest way is to use [Docker](https://www.docker.com/).

* From the Docker Quickstart Terminal (Windows / OSX) or from the command line (Linux) type:
```
git clone https://github.com/pierotofy/node-OpenDroneMap
cd node-OpenDroneMap
docker build -t nodeodm:latest .
docker run -p 3000:3000 nodeodm:latest
```

* If you're on Windows/OSX, find the IP of your Docker machine by running this command from your Docker Quickstart Terminal:

```
docker-machine ip
```

Linux users can connect to 127.0.0.1.

* Open a Web Browser to `http://<yourDockerMachineIp>:3000`
* Load [some images](https://github.com/OpenDroneMap/OpenDroneMap/tree/master/tests/test_data/images)
* Press "Start Task"
* Go for a walk :)

### Run it Natively

If you are already running [OpenDroneMap](https://github.com/OpenDroneMap/OpenDroneMap) on Ubuntu natively, you can simply type:

```
sudo curl --silent --location https://deb.nodesource.com/setup_6.x | sudo bash -
sudo apt-get install -y nodejs
git clone https://github.com/pierotofy/node-OpenDroneMap
cd node-OpenDroneMap
npm install
node index.js
```

### Test Images

You can find some test drone images from [OpenDroneMap's Test Data Folder](https://github.com/OpenDroneMap/OpenDroneMap/tree/master/tests/test_data/images).

## Contributing

Make a pull request for small contributions. For big contributions, please open a discussion first.

## Roadmap

- [ ] Command line options for OpenDroneMap (in progress)
- [ ] Cluster tasks distribution to multiple servers
- [ ] Documentation
- [ ] Unit Testing

## API Docs

Coming soon.

Commit message:

Describe use of pm2 process manager in README.md

README.md, after:

# Open Source Drone Aerial Imagery Processing
node-OpenDroneMap is a Node.js App and REST API to access [OpenDroneMap](https://github.com/OpenDroneMap/OpenDroneMap)

![Alt text](/screenshots/main.png?raw=true "Node-OpenDroneMap")

## Getting Started

The quickest way is to use [Docker](https://www.docker.com/).

* From the Docker Quickstart Terminal (Windows / OSX) or from the command line (Linux) type:
```
git clone https://github.com/pierotofy/node-OpenDroneMap
cd node-OpenDroneMap
docker build -t nodeodm:latest .
docker run -p 3000:3000 nodeodm:latest
```

* If you're on Windows/OSX, find the IP of your Docker machine by running this command from your Docker Quickstart Terminal:

```
docker-machine ip
```

Linux users can connect to 127.0.0.1.

* Open a Web Browser to `http://<yourDockerMachineIp>:3000`
* Load [some images](https://github.com/OpenDroneMap/OpenDroneMap/tree/master/tests/test_data/images)
* Press "Start Task"
* Go for a walk :)

### Run it Natively

If you are already running [OpenDroneMap](https://github.com/OpenDroneMap/OpenDroneMap) on Ubuntu natively, you can simply type:

```
sudo curl --silent --location https://deb.nodesource.com/setup_6.x | sudo bash -
sudo apt-get install -y nodejs
git clone https://github.com/pierotofy/node-OpenDroneMap
cd node-OpenDroneMap
npm install
node index.js
```

### Run it using PM2

The app can also be run as a background process using the [pm2 process manager](https://github.com/Unitech/pm2), which can also assist you with system startup scripts and process monitoring.

To install pm2, run (using `sudo` if required):
```shell
npm install pm2 -g
```
The app can then be started using
```shell
pm2 start processes.json
```
To have pm2 started on OS startup run
```shell
pm2 save
pm2 startup
```
and then run the command as per the instructions that prints out. If that command errors then you may have to specify the system (note that systemd should be used on CentOS 7). Note that if the process is not running as root (recommended) you will need to change `/etc/init.d/pm2-init.sh` to set `export PM2_HOME="/path/to/user/home/.pm2"`, as per [these instructions](
http://www.buildsucceeded.com/2015/solved-pm2-startup-at-boot-time-centos-7-red-hat-linux/)

You can monitor the process using `pm2 status`.

### Test Images

You can find some test drone images from [OpenDroneMap's Test Data Folder](https://github.com/OpenDroneMap/OpenDroneMap/tree/master/tests/test_data/images).

## Contributing

Make a pull request for small contributions. For big contributions, please open a discussion first.

## Roadmap

- [ ] Command line options for OpenDroneMap (in progress)
- [ ] Cluster tasks distribution to multiple servers
- [ ] Documentation
- [ ] Unit Testing

## API Docs

Coming soon.
